added missed step (#9911)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-hybrid-aadj-sso-cert.md

5. On the **Subject** tab, select **Supply in the request**.
6. On the **Cryptography** tab, validate the **Minimum key size** is **2048**.
7. On the **Security** tab, click **Add**.

> 8. Select **Object Types**, then, in the appeared window, choose **Computers** and click **OK**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Select **Object Types**, then, in the window that appears, choose **Computers** and click **OK**.
```
